**SERVLET

Servlets are the Java programs that run on the Java-enabled web server or application server. 
They are used to handle the request obtained from the webserver, process the request, produce the response, then send the response back to the webserver.

Better performance: because it creates a thread for each request, not process.
Portability: because it uses Java language.
Robust: JVM manages Servlets, so we don't need to worry about the memory leak, garbage collection, etc.
Secure: because it uses java language.

Servlet is a technology which is used to create a web application.
Servlet is an API that provides many interfaces and classes including documentation.
Servlet is an interface that must be implemented for creating any Servlet.
Servlet is a class that extends the capabilities of the servers and responds to the incoming requests. It can respond to any requests.
Servlet is a web component that is deployed on the server to create a dynamic web page.


**DATABASE
Database: Most web apps require a place to store data for which database is used,e.g., suppose there is a webpage registering as a new user.
Now think, where all these data will be saved? Here we can use a database that will store the data of the user, which will be accessible all the time. However,
these data will be accessed with the help of backend code written in java and will be connecting with UI as well as explained in the java section as well.


**JDBC
JDBC: If you are using java and a database like MySQL.How will you communicate with it as you cannot use SQL commands directly?
For that, you will have to use JDBC(java database connectivity) that will connect the database and there are some abstract classes like Connection, etc will have to use.

Advantages of JSP over Servlet
 Extension to Servlet
 Easy to maintain
 Fast Development: No need to recompile and redeploy
 Less code than Servlet

The Lifecycle of a JSP Page
The JSP pages follow these phases:

Translation of JSP Page
Compilation of JSP Page
Classloading (the classloader loads class file)
Instantiation (Object of the Generated Servlet is created).
Initialization ( the container invokes jspInit() method).
Request processing ( the container invokes _jspService() method).
Destroy ( the container invokes jspDestroy() method).
